README.md, before:

# Dog Breed Classifier App
## This notebook is about building dog breed classifier, and to add some fun to it, it will display the most resembling dog breed if a human image is passed to it
### Steps:
* We need to build dog detector, and human face detector.
* Next we will build a CNN from scratch to classify the dog breeds.
* Then we will build a CNN using transfer learnig and compare results to choose the best one. 


The task of assigning breed to dogs from images is considered exceptionally challenging.  To see why, consider that *even a human* would have trouble distinguishing between a Brittany and a Welsh Springer Spaniel.  

Brittany | Welsh Springer Spaniel
- | - 
<img src="images/Brittany_02625.jpg" width="100"> | <img src="images/Welsh_springer_spaniel_08203.jpg" width="200">

It is not difficult to find other dog breed pairs with minimal inter-class variation (for instance, Curly-Coated Retrievers and American Water Spaniels).  

Curly-Coated Retriever | American Water Spaniel
- | -
<img src="images/Curly-coated_retriever_03896.jpg" width="200"> | <img src="images/American_water_spaniel_00648.jpg" width="200">


Likewise, recall that labradors come in yellow, chocolate, and black.  Your vision-based algorithm will have to conquer this high intra-class variation to determine how to classify all of these different shades as the same breed.  

Yellow Labrador | Chocolate Labrador | Black Labrador
- | -
<img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06457.jpg" width="150"> | <img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06455.jpg" width="240"> | <img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06449.jpg" width="220">

And random chance presents an exceptionally low bar: setting aside the fact that the classes are slightly imabalanced, a random guess will provide a correct answer roughly 1 in 133 times, which corresponds to an accuracy of less than 1%. 

### So I'm only targeting 70% accuracy or higher.

Commit message:

Add link to Deep Learning program on Udacity

README.md, after:

# Dog Breed Classifier App  
## NOTE:  
This project is part of [Deep Learning program on Udacity] (https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-nanodegree--nd101)
## This notebook is about building dog breed classifier, and to add some fun to it, it will display the most resembling dog breed if a human image is passed to it
### Steps:
* We need to build dog detector, and human face detector.
* Next we will build a CNN from scratch to classify the dog breeds.
* Then we will build a CNN using transfer learnig and compare results to choose the best one. 


The task of assigning breed to dogs from images is considered exceptionally challenging.  To see why, consider that *even a human* would have trouble distinguishing between a Brittany and a Welsh Springer Spaniel.  

Brittany | Welsh Springer Spaniel
- | - 
<img src="images/Brittany_02625.jpg" width="100"> | <img src="images/Welsh_springer_spaniel_08203.jpg" width="200">

It is not difficult to find other dog breed pairs with minimal inter-class variation (for instance, Curly-Coated Retrievers and American Water Spaniels).  

Curly-Coated Retriever | American Water Spaniel
- | -
<img src="images/Curly-coated_retriever_03896.jpg" width="200"> | <img src="images/American_water_spaniel_00648.jpg" width="200">


Likewise, recall that labradors come in yellow, chocolate, and black.  Your vision-based algorithm will have to conquer this high intra-class variation to determine how to classify all of these different shades as the same breed.  

Yellow Labrador | Chocolate Labrador | Black Labrador
- | -
<img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06457.jpg" width="150"> | <img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06455.jpg" width="240"> | <img src="images/Labrador_retriever_06449.jpg" width="220">

And random chance presents an exceptionally low bar: setting aside the fact that the classes are slightly imabalanced, a random guess will provide a correct answer roughly 1 in 133 times, which corresponds to an accuracy of less than 1%. 

### So I'm only targeting 70% accuracy or higher.
